docs: update MIGRATION.md (#283)
schibsted/account-sdk-browser: MIGRATION.md

}
```

> For Safari-based browsers, our service will return the aforementioned payload when there's a need to refresh the session. Check the response, and if it contains a `redirectURL` manually redirect the client to the resource returned in a response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Safari-based browsers, our service will return the aforementioned payload when there's a need to refresh the session. Check the response, and if it contains a `redirectURL` manually redirect the client to the session-service page URL returned in the response.
```

This action has to be made client-side, the full redirect URL can be constructed following this example:

```https://global-session-service-url/redirect-url?redirect_uri=url_to_your_app```

> At last, trigger a full-page reload by redirecting to this URL. The simplest way to achieve that is to overwrite `window.location.href`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At last, trigger page navigation by loading this URL. The simplest way to achieve that is to overwrite `window.location.href`
```
